index.markdown, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults
cover: https://satelite2517.github.io/vest/assets/slide-image-3.jpg
layout: home
title: VEST(Versatile Experimental Spherical Torus)
---

Hi. This framework is about how to load data and analysis the tokamak data obtained from experiments on the VEST fusion ST tokamak. All users are allowed to read these datasets. Currently saving and storing the data in VEST database is only allowed to only authorized users. If you need authorization please contact via this email (peppertonic18@snu.ac.kr).

Databse system uses HSDS and if you want to get the h5 file format follow [h5pyd github](https://github.com/HDFGroup/h5pyd). This repository utilizes hdf5 and ODS data strucure ([omas github](https://github.com/gafusion/omas?tab=readme-ov-file)), if you need more information about this structure can be found on the following website: [omas](https://gafusion.github.io/omas/).


## Reporting bugs

Leave comment on [issue](https://github.com/satelite2517/vest/issues) or mail me (satelite2517@gmail.com)
If you need more infomation about VEST find [Nuplex](http://nuplex.snu.ac.kr)

Commit message:

Update framework description and contact information

index.markdown, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults
cover: https://satelite2517.github.io/vest/assets/slide-image-3.jpg
layout: home
title: VEST(Versatile Experimental Spherical Torus)
---

Hello. This framework is designed to load and analyze tokamak data obtained from experiments on the VEST fusion ST tokamak. All users are allowed to access and read these datasets. However, saving and storing data in the VEST database is currently restricted to authorized users only. If you require authorization, please contact us at this email address: (peppertonic18@snu.ac.kr).

Databse system uses HSDS and if you want to get the h5 file format follow [h5pyd github](https://github.com/HDFGroup/h5pyd). This repository utilizes hdf5 and ODS data strucure ([omas github](https://github.com/gafusion/omas?tab=readme-ov-file)), if you need more information about this structure can be found on the following website: [omas](https://gafusion.github.io/omas/).


## Reporting bugs

If you need more information about VEST, feel free to leave a comment on the [issue tracker](https://github.com/satelite2517/vest/issues) or email me at (satelite2517@gmail.com). You can also visit [Nuplex](http://nuplex.snu.ac.kr) for additional details.
